Conditional checkings (#1)
orbitlens/stellar-tx-signers-inspector: README.md

## Stellar Tx signers inspector

Discover required signers, weights, and build optimal signature schema for Stellar transactions

### Usage

``` javascript
import { inspectTransactionSigners, inspectAccountSigners } from 'stellar-tx-signers-inspector'

const schema = inspectTransactionSigners(tx)

> await schema.findOptimalSigners()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//discover optimal signers for a given transaction
const optimal = await schema.findOptimalSigners() //returns ['GA7...K0M', 'GCF...DLP']
//discover optimal signers using a constrained list of available signers
const optimalWithConstraints = await schema.findOptimalSigners(['GCV...ZZP', 'GAN...35V']) //returns ['GAN...35V']
```

await schema.getAllPotentialSigners()
await schema.checkFeasiblity(['GCVXSYSCXCOM4VP2NVZMYVVK6IYYIYSRKEVIXTAHX2FTA2PS6UYNJZZP', 'GANGKPU5UUGQHPKKQBJ3OEXH6UVHJLWMSD2IHGM5X76FWFAJIMWZT35V'])
```

> ### Development

Reviewer: ??
That's not a "Development", rather "Usage" section, right?

```
npm install
```

### Tests

```
npm run test
```

### Methods

> * `inspectTransactionSigners(tx, options)` - returns schema for validation

Reviewer: It would be nice to describe the describe `SignatureSchema` class and its methods here in details (with parameters types and return value types) to prevent possible confusion.

>   * `findOptimalSigners()` - returns Array of optimal signers for transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `findOptimalSigners(contraints)` - returns *Array<String>*  - Find optimal signers for a given transaction.
```
